the future has always been exciting to me there's so much to learn there
are so many new people with me there are so many things it going
to happen there's so many things are going to develop there's so many
issues are gonna reprise that you did not conceive before and will
have a great impact on so just being joyful of two experiences the
most exciting thing about if you I think because of when I was born
and the place I live we will be part of the future in terms of discovering
moral what is outside of us as human beings living on this earth
are there other life forms other places are there in the life forms
that exist that are like us you know we're we're all carbon based
water dependent life forms is that the only kind of life form what
makes life and then you get the excitement of considering all the spiritual
issues who am I why am I here where am I going what should
I be doing all those things excite me about the few